this cars locked into the show based on
where David Reutimann brought it in the
point standings prior to Reutimann
getting out of this car
moving into the 44 to replace the now
retired Dale Jarrett in the UPS car
there was some weather the team could
switch points whoa guys whoa
Oh No oh my gosh I have never seen
anything like that in my life he hit
that wall a ton oh my gosh
hoot Michaels moving around in the car
my goodness that car just hooked went
straight in it didn't it did that hook
and go up to hill man and that was a
incredibly hard impact look at say look
at look at that safer Barry right there
how I just crushed all that stuff that
that is good though no one's that thing
move it's great it's just incredible how
hard it hit and then the flipping helped
the car dissipate the remaining energy
parts flying off it hes outta there this
wave to the fans my goodness that says
so much for these race cars it says so
much for what these racetracks have done
with this safer barrier that is
unbelievable and he walked away and
waved to the crowd my goodness that
unbelievable I haven't seen a wreck like
that anywhere lately and certainly not
with with these cars I've never seen one
of these Co T platforms take a hit like
this let's take a look I think you're
gonna see him get loose the minute he
turns down into the corner yeah and he's
just man and that thing just absolutely
I will guarantee you that impact was
well over a hundred eighty probably 185
miles per hour we've already seen 199 or
better getting in there going straight
oh I can't nearly what's it it's part of
the racetrack with Murray said was a
little slick getting in I known if
Michael changed his line a little bit
got a little too much into that speedy
dry oh but that he walked away and waved
to the crowd while walking to the
ambulance after that impact is a great
testament to safety of these cars and
these racetracks today if there's been
any fans if there's been anybody in our
industry that has questioned the car
tomorrow ladies and gentlemen take a
look at this guy that walked out of that
racecar just a few minutes ago
that is unbelievable
and the whole place here is silent
people are just stunned by what they
have seen and now seen several times on
the sprint vision big screens but look
at the driver's compartment Darrell look
how intact it is how there's no
deformation of any kind
to the the safety capsule where the
driver is and you know michael mcdowell
a lot like his car owner michael waltrip
is a big boy he's very tall that car
tomorrow is about two and a half inches
taller in the greenhouse area than our
old car and about four inches wider and
all those are great things
an incredibly hard crash for rookie
Michael McDowell but the best part he
walks away with a wave